#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
bdd-tester==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
celery==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-assets==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
gherkin-official==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bdd-tester
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via alembic
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
lxml==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bdd-tester
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   kombu
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-assets
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
